Come inside for me.
It's this bitch.
You want to seduce the second master when I'm not here, right?
I curse the broken shoes that you personally use with your mouth.
What right do you have to say I, you?
I say give it a try.
I tell you that finding your children is a job.
No wonder I apologized once.
Master!
Second master, you saved me this bitch
He wants your son to die while you're not here.
Fear of death.
Mo Ngon, I don't have it.
Shut up.
If anything happens, I will kill you.
The second master is returning to rest and take a walk.
Let's go home.
Lam Thien
I'm not done with you yet.
Here comes the pregnancy.
Eat, my mouth has never had a word of truth.
Check it out.
Look at this Reiki belly, what's going on?